hello everybody there doing one more time
years of thinking about the kitchen that
it would be a geek site that is done
year in Korean jack is a roll in the
very interesting and expensive toothpick
tasty and good sausage if you do not learn
the recipe that was made to head
you are so good
if you vote on who the 67 national
That 's our recipe. Let's go there.
kitchen
we started making our breaded
We'll get a cup of half cornmeal.
Cup of flour
We have an average and a half cup mexidinha
milk but they add to the
few are the mass it is well squishy
So look at us being able to talk to
XATA our partner for our potatoes you
can use the frozen paw or which is
traditional peeling potatoes and chopping
they in which challenges are in pieces
small
This is frozen here.
I want to explain our sausage our
Hot dog and I put it on a
partnership completed and small to stay
It's easier for us to fry our
hot dog
Now we're going to take a break in the
sausage is that it is more or less
here we go from the middle of it and let's go
get a barbecue stick and let's go
put in the center up to the tip
We're going to do with all your chips
let's start now get alone and
do not pass on that crime we did
one party had to take the excess and we
in our potato
now we go in that oil already hot
for us and fry
complaint in stressing to what causes
radinho
in this area in the recipe we will enjoy
now that the better part the head in the
Last
I see a lot of what he had and what he thinks is good.
what we do at home is super easy and
delicious you made in the kitchen and is
that
until the next little fish agent
and until the next video down
That's it!